Audena, children of Yenra and seat to the thrones of the principle forces. Dazed upon creation, in the scattered ashes of their creator, and met only by the each other and the spilled Saturation that crept slowly through their void.

Tharn, the first intervener, who scored his arms through the expanding universe, and pulled in his wake the nearest matter, so that they collected into bright and dense globules of existence. Until Krono, second to awaken from the daze, placed his hand upon Tharn's, and let the matter in his brother's wakes move freely in their momentum, so that they may collect on their own and in harmony with one another.

Through the Fourth Aeterna, the brothers worked to set the loose matter of the old Saturation into motion, and by the dawn of the Fifth Aeterna, the sisters Yanel and  Lilin had awoken, wrapped in one another's grasp and unfurling to meet their brothers like a cosmic Azalea at the beginning of the spring of existence.

As the young universe grew, so too did its energies stretch across the widening expanse, becoming faint and thin-wrought in the face of cosmic scale. Thus Lilin, like Tharn before her, yet with a greater delicacy and care, affected the flow of the energies so that they too may collect and dance with the matter around them.

Yanel, enchanted by the dance and holding the final touch of universal parentage, reached to both the energies and the matter, and unified the two great elementaries so that their consonance may never end. Then, within this conjoining, Yanel gave to the energies a spectra of distinction, so that they may form lights and colours and sensations for the young Audena; and to the matter she gave the smallest identities, so that they may work together to create all the substances and mediums of reality.